five years Bruce I never thought it would hurt you this much hey Jade I got
you your food what's going on who's this
text you can load up the car I need to set things straight with him what is
going on I'm breaking up with you why I mean did I do something wrong if it's
anything I could do I'll fix it okay just wait wait stop that's enough this
cheap cake this shaggy apartment I'm tired of being poor this isn't you why
are you even saying this I'm tired of pretending I'm gonna go live the life
that I deserve with Dexter wait wait please where are you going please
just give up man I can give her things you can't even dream up
Jay all you really care about is money if you had money we wouldn't be here doesn't
that tell you something Jay please what are you doing please
Jay please look just give me five more years please I will give you anything in
the world just give me time please just stay with me okay why not five years I
can have anything I want right now why would I wait five years for you look
us you love me take this and leave me alone mr. Morgan there you are I've been
looking for you everywhere come on your feet if father misses you stubborn as he
is he misses you so much that he wishes to support you in love and business or
otherwise he just wants to sudden back tell them I'm coming home am I wrong about